#CS230

Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design? The Gaming Room client was looking to expand their already established gaming platform for their Draw It Or Lose It game, that would allow users to participate in the game on multiple platforms, versus the current android only version. The game will need to be developed using a cross-platform approach. Each game and team name needs to be unique, and the game should only allow one instance of the game to exist in memory at a time. Each team will have more than one player assigned per team, and the game will need the ability to have multiple or single teams playing per game.

What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation? I believe I did very well with being clear and to the point without too much text, keeping the document easy to read through without filler.

What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code? For me, the structure and organization of a design document was extremely helpful by following the straight forward template design and ensuring all requirements were met, without over complicating things. I think of it similarly to how you would use psuedocode just in a different manner, though I'm not sure if that entirely makes sense.

If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? Speaking of pseudocode, this is something that would've been nice to include. Having a rough idea of how the code is meant to work with all of the specific requirements needed would only help to advance the process in producing the clients app.

How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? Ensuring you can translate what the client needs and wants into technical terms is critical, much like that of translator or liasion. Without this ability you aren't able to produce what the client is wanting leads to unhappy clients which ultimately ends with unhappy developers who feel they wasted their time. 

How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application? Research and study is my main approach. While it can be tedious and time consuming to read documentation and different strategies and examples, ultimately it saves time and costly mistakes that happen when you go into it with out the proper knowledge. Taking things one section at a time helps to keep from feeling overwhelmed and establishes mini goals that help in visualizing the progress I've made throughout.
